Release zcash-light-client-ffi version 0.10.0 (#154)
Electric-Coin-Company/zcash-light-client-ffi: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

## 0.10.0 - 2024-10-04

### Changed
- `zcashlc_rewind_to_height` now returns an `i64` value instead of a boolean. The
  value `-1` indicates failure; any other height indicates the height to which the
  data store was actually truncated. Also, this procedure now takes an additional
  `safe_rewind_ret` parameter that, on failure to rewind, will be set to the

>   minimum height for which the rewind would succeed or will remain unmodified if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  minimum height for which the rewind would succeed, or to -1 if
```
